How could you humiliate me like that when you invaded?
Humiliate you
How could I be willing to humiliate Lan Lan?
This game is your idea
Now I am no longer qualified to communicate.
We have an emergency news story from late last night.
A group of rich second-generation people gather to race
A car spun out of control and drove into the crowd
Cause one death and two injuries
It is reported that the driver was a private daughter
The specific cause of the accident is under investigation
Hello, the phone you dialed is turned off.
You'll find out soon enough.
I said you have to pay for disobedience
Ash
I heard the commander hit someone with his car
Did you do this?
Why do you ask?
I heard that private stocks have fallen by the limit
Who else but you has made such a big effort?
Are you trying to help me vent my anger?
What do you think?
I knew you were the best for me
Which Siniu used to bully me?
Now you finally help me excrete my anger
Jiang Wan, what are you doing here?
Why Jiang Wan
Are you trying to intercede with the commander?
Let me tell you something.
No door
Did you hear it?
He is letting you out
I'm asking you to go out